Fame and fortune are all military certainty
I was almost killed by this beast
Thinking of this Xiao Chen is not only the wife of the Xiao family
Or the existence of a lore order issued by the Xiao family
I said that you Xiao Chen offended the Xiao family
So enlightened
It's not a small family like us
Can afford to provoke
Xiao Chen
You've been hiding this identity
Qingxue, I was kicked out of the Xiao family 8 years ago
It has nothing to do with them anymore
The reason why I have been hiding my identity
One is that I'm afraid you'll worry
Second, I am afraid of implicating you
But it's different now
Whether he is a mere Xiao family
Or the gathering of the four major families in the imperial capital
No fear for me
I think of a bunch of trash
What time are you still here pretending to be homesick?
Want to kill you
This is obviously an ant
Still simple
Yeah, what are you still talking to him here?
We should hurry
The more you stay here, the more bad luck you will have
Yes, yes, oh, mom, don't go.
Even if the Xiao family is aggressive
But behind Xiao Chen, there is Murong Lan and the others
Could it be that the Xiao family
Don't you care about the coercion of Tengrong Group?
The Xiao family can't do anything to Murong Lan
But if Murong Lan values him
Xiao Chen is because of the Xiao family
King Shura and the others are unruly because they offend
rush to the doctor
Depressed, fooled
I'm afraid it's not better
It is also because he pretended to be the identity of the Xiao family
That's why you please him.
To put it bluntly, he is a liar.
Ouch.
Offending the Xiao family is a big sin
In case President Murong Yang reacts
This little minister is the abandoned child of the Xiao family
Why would everyone be deceived by him then?
Of course it will cause even greater disaster
From now on
Get out of my daughter's world
If you want to die, you will die cleanly by yourself